vad,Vermont
aca,Albany
ban,Boston U.
maa,Maine
mam,MD Baltimore Cty.
bai,Binghamton
hac,Hartford
nal,New Hampshire
scy,Stony Brook
nav,North Carolina
vaf,Virginia
maj,Maryland
vah,Virginia Tech
bam,Boston Coll.
dau,Duke
gah,Georgia Tech
cbg,Clemson
fan,Florida St.
nat,N.C. State
wad,Wake Forest
mav,Miami (FL)
eaa,E. Tennessee St.
bab,Belmont
lbu,Lipscomb
jab,Jacksonville
kns,Kennesaw St.
maq,Mercer
cai,Campbell
gal,Gardner-Webb
scd,Stetson
nfl,North Florida
xaa,Xavier
mak,Massachusetts
gac,Geo. Washington
fao,Fordham
rad,Rhode Island
sbq,St. Joseph's
sbr,Saint Louis
dae,Dayton
nad,Charlotte
tad,Temple
dav,Duquesne
raf,Richmond
sbl,St. Bonaventure
lad,La Salle
gae,Georgetown
pal,Pittsburgh
laq,Louisville
nbf,Notre Dame
maf,Marquette
sci,Syracuse
wal,West Virginia
vae,Villanova
dal,DePaul
pas,Providence
sbp,St. John's
cbp,Connecticut
sao,Seton Hall
sbg,South Florida
rak,Rutgers
cbc,Cincinnati
wai,Weber St.
nbc,Northern Arizona
mbm,Montana
pbe,Portland St.
eai,Eastern Wash.
iac,Idaho St.
mbn,Montana St.
saa,Sacramento St.
nbh,Northern Colorado
way,Winthrop
hbd,High Point
lai,Liberty
cbi,Coastal Carolina
nab,N.C. Asheville
vai,Virginia Military
raa,Radford
cax,Charleston S.
oad,Ohio St.
wbg,Wisconsin
iai,Indiana
iae,Illinois
pau,Purdue
ian,Iowa
may,(2) Michigan St.
max,Michigan
mbd,Minnesota
nbd,Northwestern
paf,Penn St.
kaa,Kansas
tan,Texas A&amp;M
tal,Texas
kab,Kansas St.
tas,Texas Tech
mbh,Missouri
oag,Oklahoma St.
nai,Nebraska
oae,Oklahoma
iao,Iowa St.
bae,Baylor
cbl,Colorado
lan,Long Beach St.
fat,CSU Fullerton
cag,Cal Poly
sah,UCSB
cab,UC Irvine
nbb,CSU Northridge
pab,Pacific
cau,UC Riverside
vaa,VCU
oah,Old Dominion
hak,Hofstra
dat,Drexel
gad,George Mason
nay,Northeastern
wbh,William &amp; Mary
tav,Towson
gag,Georgia St.
nag,N.C. Wilmington
jac,James Madison
dag,Delaware
map,Memphis
cap,UCF
ham,Houston
sbb,Southern Miss
tba,Tulsa
taz,Tulane
rae,Rice
abh,UAB
mah,Marshall
tap,UTEP
sav,SMU
eac,East Carolina
bav,Butler
wbj,Wright St.
las,Loyola Chicago
wbb,Wis. Green Bay
yab,Youngstown St.
iaf,Ill. Chicago
dam,Detroit
wbd,Wis. Milwaukee
cbh,Cleveland St.
uvs,Utah Valley St.
nds,North Dakota St.
tbc,Texas Pan Amer.
iav,IPFW
saj,Savannah St.
cay,Chicago St.
lay,Longwood
sds,South Dakota St.
caa,UC Davis
wbq,Winston-Salem
ncf,N.J.I.T.
pag,Pennsylvania
yaa,Yale
cbr,Cornell
cbn,Columbia
bas,Brown
had,Harvard
dac,Dartmouth
par,Princeton
mae,Marist
naq,Niagara
sas,Siena
lau,Loyola (MD)
mab,Manhattan
fab,Fairfield
rag,Rider
caj,Canisius
sby,St. Peter's
iam,Iona
aac,Akron
kae,Kent St.
maw,Miami (OH)
oab,Ohio
baz,Buffalo
bap,Bowling Green
tau,Toledo
wap,W. Michigan
caq,Cent. Michigan
eaf,East. Michigan
baa,Ball St.
naz,Northern Illinois
oai,Oral Roberts
oaa,Oakland
vab,Valparaiso
iak,IUPUI
sbc,Southern Utah
mbi,Mo. Kansas City
can,Centenary
wan,Western Ill.
dah,Delaware St.
fal,Florida A&amp;M
nas,N.C. A&amp;T
hay,Hampton
mbq,Morgan St.
sax,S. Carolina St.
ncb,Norfolk St.
cbq,Coppin St.
bag,Bethune-Cookman
hao,Howard
man,MD Eastern Shore
sbi,Southern Ill.
cbt,Creighton
scg,Missouri St.
baq,Bradley
nba,Northern Iowa
wax,Wichita St.
dar,Drake
iag,Illinois St.
ear,Evansville
ial,Indiana St.
baw,BYU
naj,UNLV
aab,Air Force
sae,San Diego St.
wbk,Wyoming
cbm,Colorado St.
uae,Utah
nam,New Mexico
tac,TCU
cao,Central Conn. St.
sdy,Sacred Heart
qae,Quinnipiac
rah,Robert Morris
faa,Fair. Dickinson
mbs,Mount St. Mary's
wac,Wagner
mbk,Monmouth
sbn,St. Francis (NY)
lal,Long Island
sbo,St. Francis (PA)
abf,Austin Peay
eae,Eastern Kentucky
taj,Tennessee Tech
mbv,Murray St.
sac,Samford
sap,SE Missouri St.
mbp,Morehead St.
tai,Tennessee St.
jae,Jacksonville St.
ead,Eastern Illinois
tae,Tenn-Martin
uaa,UCLA
wah,Washington St.
oaj,Oregon
uad,USC
aaq,Arizona
sca,Stanford
waf,Washington
cah,California
oak,Oregon St.
aar,Arizona St.
hal,Holy Cross
bau,Bucknell
aan,American
laf,Lehigh
cbk,Colgate
aax,Army
naa,Navy
laa,Lafayette
fak,Florida
tag,Tennessee
vac,Vanderbilt
kaf,Kentucky
gaf,Georgia
sbf,South Carolina
mbf,Mississippi
mbg,Mississippi St.
aaf,Alabama
aas,Arkansas
abb,Auburn
lav,LSU
aap,Appalachian St.
nae,N.C. Greensboro
wat,Western Carolina
cdc,Chattanooga
eat,Elon
dad,Davidson
cat,Charleston
fau,Furman
gab,Georgia Southern
wbi,Wofford
cbv,Citadel
nbe,Northwestern St.
mal,McNeese St.
sam,SE Louisiana
lab,Lamar
nar,Nicholls St.
cdm,Central Arkansas
tbq,Texas A&amp;M C.C.
sab,Sam Houston St.
scc,Stephen F. Austin
tao,TX Arlington
sch,Texas St.
tak,UTSA
mbe,Miss. Valley St.
jaa,Jackson St.
gak,Grambling St.
aaj,Alcorn St.
tar,Texas Southern
abi,AR Pine Bluff
sbh,Southern
aah,Alabama St.
pao,Prairie View A&amp;M
aag,Alabama A&amp;M
sbe,South Alabama
wao,West. Kentucky
fav,Florida Atlantic
maz,Middle Tenn. St.
taw,Troy
fam,Florida Intl.
nah,LA Monroe
aav,Arkansas St.
nax,North Texas
nao,New Orleans
aat,AR Little Rock
scf,LA Lafayette
dak,Denver
gaj,Gonzaga
sai,Santa Clara
sbt,St. Mary's
saf,San Francisco
sad,San Diego
lat,Loyola Marymount
pan,Portland
pah,Pepperdine
nak,Nevada
nan,New Mexico St.
far,Fresno St.
uaf,Utah St.
hae,Hawaii
bal,Boise St.
lap,Louisiana Tech
sag,San Jose St.
iaa,Idaho
ccm,CSU Bakersfield
paq,Presbyterian
nac,N.C. Central Eagles
flg,Fla Gulf Coast Eagles
sec,South Carolina Upstate
sdy,Sacred Heart Pioneers
say,South Dakota
san,Seattle
hba,Houston Baptist
nci,North Dakota
saw,SIU Edwardsville
bry,Bryant
